# Cplusplus-Program

  This project was my submission for project two making airgead banking's software. The goal was to develop an application that calulates the user's investments over a period of time. By entering the initial investment amount, monthly deposit amound, interest rate, and number of years, the program woulkd then output the opening amount, interest, and closing balance after each year. I did have some trouble with this project as it required the use of programming seperate cpp and header files to all work in conjuction and make the program output the correct values. I believe the menu and display of the ovwerall program is fairly simplistic and easy to use.
  Going back to this program one thing I would have like to have changed is adding error handling throughout the program. For example,m if the user inputs a letter on accident then the program just shuts down. Some simple error handling should have been implemented to tell the user they need to enter a number and then once again prompt for the integer value. The skills related to developing object oriented programming applications is very transferable to other projects and work. The principles of learning encapsulation, modularity and header files, which allows other parts of the propgram to more easily implement functions, and setter methods, which allowed flexibility in updated specific values such as with 'setMonthlyDeposit', 'setAnnualInterestRate' etc. In order to keep the code readable and organized I entered some in line comments describing the functionality of code.
